OBSDOCS-1779: Uninstalling logging (#95646)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deleting-the-cluster-logging-operator-by-using-the-web-console.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * uninstalling/uninstalling-logging.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.4
:_template-generated: 2025-07-05
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="deleting-the-cluster-logging-operator-by-using-the-web-console_{context}"]
= Deleting the {clo} by using the web console

Delete the {clo} by using the {product-title} web console.

.Prerequisites
* You have administrator permissions.
* You have access to the {product-title} web console.

.Procedure

> . In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, go to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

Reviewer: Have the 2 perspectives been merged into 1 for some versions of OCP (4.19)?  Maybe just say "In the web console" and let the user figure it out - it would be hard to conditionalize the statement

Author: good idea, done globally

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * uninstalling/uninstalling-logging.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.4
:_template-generated: 2025-07-05
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="deleting-the-cluster-logging-operator-by-using-the-web-console_{context}"]
= Deleting the {clo} by using the web console

Delete the {clo} by using the {product-title} web console.

.Prerequisites
* You have administrator permissions.
* You have access to the {product-title} web console.

.Procedure

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, go to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

> . Click *{clo}* from the *Installed Operators* list and go to the *Cluster Log Forwarder* tab.

Reviewer 2: I think this line is not needed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * uninstalling/uninstalling-logging.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.4
:_template-generated: 2025-07-05
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="deleting-the-cluster-logging-operator-by-using-the-web-console_{context}"]
= Deleting the {clo} by using the web console

Delete the {clo} by using the {product-title} web console.

.Prerequisites
* You have administrator permissions.
* You have access to the {product-title} web console.

.Procedure

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, go to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

> . Click *{clo}* from the *Installed Operators* list and go to the *Cluster Log Forwarder* tab.
> 
> . Click {kebab} for the `ClusterLogForwarder` entry and select *Delete ClusterLogForwarder*.
> 
> . Click the *Actions* button and click *Uninstall Operator*.

Reviewer 3: This can be simpler, please replicate this for Loki Operator
```suggestion
. Find *{clo}* in the list and click {kebab} then press *Uninstall Operator*.

. In the pop-up select *Delete all operand instances for this operator* and then press *Uninstall*
```
